""" Developed and tested using Python 3.8.2

General description
-------------------
It is expected that the script is run on a computer with Python 3.8 or above.
The script takes 3 arguments (input, format, output). The script can process
a comma separated text files or binary files complying with the specification.
The script resolves the list of unique words and stores them to an output file
a word per line. See more detailed description on Parameters, Example, Files
specification, Functions and Error codes below.


Parameters
----------
input : a string
    The file location of the text or binary file to be processed.
format : a character
    Accepts only B or T (default is T)
output : a string
    The file where output will be stored (default is output-%date-%time.txt)
time : boolean
    If


Example
-------
Examples for launching the script from command line:
    >python keywords.py input.txt T output.txt
    >python keywords.py input B output.txt
    >python keywords.py input.txt T output.txt -t


Files specification
-------------------
Text file
    UTF-8 encoding
    Comma separated list of words
Binary file
    UTF-8 encoding
    Word definition part must correctly announce:
        the number of words (first 8 bytes)
        count of letters for each word (4 bytes * number of words)
        the length of letters must match the total count of letters
    Example: 00 00 00 03 00 05 00 04 00 06 a p p l e p e a r o r a n g e
        file starts with 00 00 00 03 means there are 3 words
        followed by 00 05 means that first word has 5 characters
        followed by 00 04 means that first word has 4 characters
        followed by 00 06 means that first word has 6 characters
        the letters then results into words (apple, pear, orange)


Functions
---------
Text processing
    The text is processed if some commas are found in the input file.
    The text is split using commas into a list of words.
Binary processing
    Binary file is processed if the file complies with the specification.
    The input data is processed into a list of words.
Sorting
    The list of words is taken and sorted according to an alphabet storing
    only unique values.
Output file
    The unique list of words is taken and stored into the file defined as
    output. If not specified otherwise the output is stored into the same
    folder where the script is run. Specifying "-t" or "--time" parameter
    will add a timestamp as a prefix to the output file.
    ! If the same file is used for an output it will add new output to the
    end of the file.

Error codes
-----------
The program exits with one of the following exit codes:
    0  if the script has successfully completed
    1  if the provided input file was not found
    2  if the provided file does not contain expected input data
    3  if the provided output file is not possible to reach
    4  if the count of words and letters part does not match the word
       definition part counts or vice versa.
